# sTGC_defects
The following pdf-file contains a student-oriented research work report with the topic: "sTGC (small-strip Thin Gap Chamber) defects detection technique". It's written in Russian, but You can learn about it from the abstract below.
***
**Abstract:**
Small-strip Thin Gap Chamber (sTGC) is a coordinate detector which currently used in ATLAS experiment. This detector replaced its predecessor - Thin Gap Chamber (TGC) after The New Small Wheel Upgrade to increase the detector stability for HL-LHC (High Luminosity section for Large Hadron Collider). Various techniques were used to reveal different detector defects. Some of these techniques are better at one task, some at another. For example, high-voltage test is a good way to verify the stability of newly prepared detectors to charge loss and resistance to high voltage. In this project it is proposed to use an another technique - analog test. This test is based on the input of a step pulse at the point of contact of the pads and the simultaneous measurement of the response signal. Basically, this test is capable of finding defected areas through the detector, such as grounded pads, disconnected pads, overlapped pads or trace line defects. This test is easy to implement and it is suitable for testing the detector at every stage of its production: before assembling, after making the whole layer, after making multiple-layer structure and after the final assembly. Moreover, this technique is suitable not only for its implementation during the installation of detectors on the New Small Wheel, but also for other wire detectors, for example, for the TGC detector.
